#EXTM3U

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/rcti.png" group-title="Lokal",RCTI
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/gtv.png" group-title="Lokal",GTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mnctv.png" group-title="Lokal",MNCTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/inews.png" group-title="Lokal",iNewsTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/antv.png" group-title="Lokal",ANTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/trans7.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans 7
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/transtv.png" group-title="Lokal",Trans TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tvone.png" group-title="Lokal",TVONE
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/metrotv.png" group-title="Lokal",Metro TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/rtv.png" group-title="Lokal",RTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/kompastv.png" group-title="Lokal",Kompas TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tvri.png" group-title="Lokal",TVRI
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/jaktv.png" group-title="Lokal",JAKTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/jtv.png" group-title="Lokal",JTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/balitv.png" group-title="Lokal",BALI TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/daaitv.png" group-title="Lokal",DAAI TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/bandungtv.png" group-title="Lokal",BandungTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/net.png" group-title="Lokal",NET
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/bs.png" group-title="Lokal",Berita Satu
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="INDOSIAR" tvg-logo="http://103.150.197.50:25461/images/7df6bbbecfb1e436fbbe52f8513aac7c.png" group-title="Lokal",INDOSIAR
http://live.ezrtv.my.id:25461/mantanganteng/duluganteng/161


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/dutatv.png" group-title="Lokal", dutatv
https://o1.siar.us/dutatv/live/chunks.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/musictv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Music TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/ie.png" group-title="Entertainment",Infotainment
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/visionprime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Vision Prime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/ent.png" group-title="Entertainment",MNC Entertainment
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/oktv.png" group-title="Entertainment",OKTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/fmn.png" group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/axn.png" group-title="Entertainment",AXN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/kix.png" group-title="Entertainment",KIX
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/warner.png" group-title="Entertainment",Warner TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tvn.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/sonyone.png" group-title="Entertainment",Sony One
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/lifetime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hits.png" group-title="Entertainment",HITS
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/abcaustralia.png" group-title="Entertainment",ABC Australia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/jiangsutv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hunantv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/dragontv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/xingxong.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/anhuitv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/nhkworld.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/nhkpremium.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/disneychannel.png" group-title="Kids",Disney Channel
#https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/disneyjunior.png" group-title="Kids",Disney Junior
#https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyJunior-HD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyJunior-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/animax.png" group-title="Kids",Animax
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/kidstv.png" group-title="Kids",Kids Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/nickjr.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Jr
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/miaomi.png" group-title="Kids",MiaoMi
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/boomerang.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/babytv.png" group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cbeebies.png" group-title="Kids",CBeebies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cartoonnetwork.png" group-title="Kids",Cartoon Network
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hbo.png" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hbofamily.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hbohits.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hbosig.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/warner.png" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/thrill.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/ccm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/zeebioskop.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tvnmovies.png" group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hitsmovies.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cinemaworld.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mncnews.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/idx.png" group-title="News",IDX
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/seatoday.png" group-title="News",SEA TODAY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cna.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/aljazeera.png" group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="News",BBC World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cnninternational.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/euronews.png" group-title="News",EuroNews
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cnbcasia.png" group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/rt.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/france24.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/dw.png" group-title="News",DW TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/trt.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cgtn.png" group-title="News", CGTN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/bloomberg.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/foxnews.png" group-title="News",FOX News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/arirang.png" group-title="News",Arirang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/beinsports1.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 1
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/beinsports3.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/spotv.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/spotv2.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mncsports2.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mncsports3.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/besmart.png" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/discoverychannel.png" group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/bbcearth.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/ngc.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/natgeowild.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/natgeopeople.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo People
# https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoPeople/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoPeople.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/history.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/cgtndoc.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/afn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/hgtv.png" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tlc.png" group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/muslimtv.png" group-title="Religi",Muslim TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png",Al Quran Al Kareem 2
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/f495c064-2ef3-11eb-901e-b82a72d63267/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/madinah.png",AL Sunnah Nabawi
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/1aa0f80a-2ef4-11eb-b0a7-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tv9.png" group-title="Religi",TV9
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tvmu.png" group-title="Religi",TVMU
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/tawaf.png" group-title="Religi",Tawaf TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/rodjatv.png" group-title="Religi",RODJA TV
http://vids.rodja.tv:1935/live/rodja/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/ahsantv.png", AHSAN TV
# http://119.82.224.75:1935/live/ahsantv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/surautv.png", Surau TV
http://119.235.249.58:1935/surautv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/alimantv.png", AL-ImanTV
https://tv.rodja.live/aliman/HD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/mgitv.png", MGI TV
https://tv.rodja.live/tasik/mgitv/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/muadztv.png", muadzTV
http://wowza60.indostreamserver.com:1935/muadztv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV
https://streaming.sigraduta.co.id/izzahtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV 2
https://streaming.radiosalamjambi.com/izzahtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://img.ksa.my.id/wesaltv.png", Wesaltv
http://wowza58.indostreamserver.com:1935/wesaltv/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Y7xQQdB.jpg",KIS FM 95.1 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431416
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/QcZTjm3.jpg",Mustang FM 88 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431417
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FW1T00A.png",I-RADIO FM 89.6 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431418
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4QarMHJ.png",Trax FM 101.4 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431420
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/omUkP03.png",Jak FM 101.0 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431421
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3XvCPjN.png",Cosmopolitan FM 90.4 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431426
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KkqllU1.png",HITZ FM 96.7 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431428
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CKhSJnQ.png",RDI - RADIO Dangdut Indonesia 97.1 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431429
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/T8jQmfJ.png",HOT FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431430
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hJ8GXkU.png",Indika FM 91.6 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431434
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Bhxl8rj.png",RADIO Arrisalah 95.7 FM Surabaya
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431449
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/JLMYpM4.png",Suara Muslim 93.8 FM Surabaya
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431450
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/sTY5pIA.png",Suara Giri 98.4 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431453
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/agoCp1U.png",Wijaya 103.5 FM Surabaya
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431454
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wLMULD7.png",Brava RADIO 103.8 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431455
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F70trRW.png",Rama RADIO 99.4 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431460
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EuLyT7p.png",RADIO Hang 106.0 FM Batam
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431468
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/TQ6yRyS.png",Strato FM 101.9 Surabaya
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431469
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/jLIio2J.png",RRI Pro 2 105.0 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431472
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ufxYRj5.png",Telstar 102.7 FM Makassar
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431473
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/20V20zD.png",96.3 Medan FM Surabaya
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431476
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zDxESmy.png",RRI Pro 1 Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431477
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/CAyXjcg.png",VOI - Voice of Indonesia Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431479
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NAfKBL6.png",RADIO Camajaya 102.6 FM Jakarta
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431482
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ffLPR4R.png",URBAN RADIO BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431483
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DySi8Dx.png",MENARA FM 102.8 FM BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431485
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/YjjhmWT.png",RADIO BALI UNITED BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431487
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dIWhXt5.png",RADIO GENTA 96.1 FM BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431489
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/kUkiTrj.png",THE BEAT 98.5 FM BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431490
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4MC6M1r.png",SWARA WIDYA BESAKIH 106.8 FM BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431493
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/G4QRijK.png",RADIO SERIBATU MESIN BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431494
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",RADIO SERIBATU VOLCANO BALI
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431495
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",NAGASWARA POP
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431363
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",NAGASWARA DANGDUT
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431364
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",GIRI FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431366
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",RRI FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431374
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",PRO3 FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431375
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",KOOL FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431380
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",MY FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431381
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",SINAR FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431382
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",PRIMA FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431383
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",MELODI FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431385
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",MALAYSIA FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431386
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",CATS FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431387
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",HITZ
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431389
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",nagaswarafm
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431390
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",astro1
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431391
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",koolfm
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431392
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",bogor.nagaswarafm
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431393
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",lokermusik
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431395
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",mediaprima-hotfm
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431396
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/J3kIll7.png",ASTRO
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431397
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",DMS FM Ambon
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431398
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Telstar FM Makassar
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431399
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Ardan FM Bandung
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431400
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Geronimo FM Jogja
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431401
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Nagaswara FM Bogor
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431403
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",MTA Surakarta 107.9FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431405
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Trijaya 104.6FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431410
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Gajahmada FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431412
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Bahana 101.8FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431413
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RADIO" tvg-logo="https://img.freepik.com/free-vector/radio-logo_9850-254.jpg?size=626&ext=jpg",Cakra 90.5FM
https://m3u-editor.com/serve/6e29c8c0-1c4e-11ed-b125-c9fc4bd9520e/616431414

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/d/da/MediaCorp_Channel5.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20151215100539" group-title="Singapore",Channel 5
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfY2g1X2Rhc2hfd2ViX2RybSIsImZpbGVzIjoiMTA5MzgxNTAiLCJ1ZGlkIjoiIiwiYWRkaXRpb25hbF9jYXNfc3lzdGVtIjowfQ%3D%3D&signature=XxVtXGzoZGI5pzb1eOacEclqzxQ%3D&
https://tglmp02.akamaized.net/out/v1/5081e069e08140c9b95f89a1659cf4dd/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/8/8e/Mediacorp_Suria_2015.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/400?cb=20161026043330" group-title="Singapore",Suria
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfc3VyaWFfZGFzaF93ZWJfZHJtIiwiZmlsZXMiOiI1NzU0MDY1IiwidWRpZCI6IiIsImFkZGl0aW9uYWxfY2FzX3N5c3RlbSI6MH0%3D&signature=K5QHleHoJp4T8XdlfjAOjm2eSaA%3D&
https://tglmp04.akamaized.net/out/v1/31fe9e6473ce4c03aa79f83fcb53b2ff/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/2/22/Mediacorp_Vasantham.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/618?cb=20190812175307" group-title="Singapore",Vasantham
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfdmFzYW50aGFtX2Rhc2hfd2ViX2RybSIsImZpbGVzIjoiNTc1NDEwNyIsInVkaWQiOiIiLCJhZGRpdGlvbmFsX2Nhc19zeXN0ZW0iOjB9&signature=kW0wEsrEe7pTVkx1lThO0W7iINQ%3D&
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/ff7074666bce40c9887ba518d3fc7a85/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/47/MediaCorp_Channel_8_logo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20101105105951" group-title="Singapore",Channel 8
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfY2g4X2Rhc2hfd2ViX2RybSIsImZpbGVzIjoiOTgyNjk5MSIsInVkaWQiOiIiLCJhZGRpdGlvbmFsX2Nhc19zeXN0ZW0iOjB9&signature=VmkG%2FnkMNDuNoZKk%2F1cG3xTZG5w%3D&
https://tglmp02.akamaized.net/out/v1/4f6561ad194b49ae93f4e1b075afdf41/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://unitechmech.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/image14.jpeg" group-title="Singapore",Channel U
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfY2hVX2Rhc2hfd2ViX2RybSIsImZpbGVzIjoiNTc1NDE1NiIsInVkaWQiOiIiLCJhZGRpdGlvbmFsX2Nhc19zeXN0ZW0iOjB9&signature=GJ%2FUWeTXAOfpju0oZkr0UtvrZ8k%3D&
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/1057d89ee3d94148b430b5866e3a540a/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=7cb90b341f444e4ca3fb60de2ed3d6e5&key=5640220b78729773fbeaabc19a502b50
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Singapore" tvg-id="CNA" tvg-chno="CNA" tvg-logo="https://poster.starhubgo.com/Linear_channels2/106_1920x1080_HTV.png",Channel News Asia
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/435d5ae6f4734fde963642147a852bfb/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/101_300.png",TV1
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/101.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/102_300.png",TV2
http://51.79.82.208:16002
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/102_300.png",TV2
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/102.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/103_300.png",TV3
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/tv3
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://www.lowyat.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/rtm-tv6-test-transmission-01.jpg",TV6
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/TV6rtm.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/147_300.png",DIDIKTV KPM
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/didiktv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/147_300.png",DIDIKTV KPM
http://51.79.82.208:16004
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/147_300.png",DIDIKTV KPM
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/DidikTVKPM.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/148_300.png",8TV
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/8tv
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/149_300.png",TV9
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/tv9
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/149_300.png",TV9
http://51.79.82.208:16006
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/114_300.png",AL-HIJRAH
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/alhijrah
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/502_300.png",BERNAMA
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AqFad2811/BernamaHDYT/main/youtube.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/502_300.png",BERNAMA
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/bernama
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://www.rtm.gov.my/images/Pemasaran/tv/ikontv/beritartm.jpg",BERITA RTM
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/Beritartm.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/bf/Degup.png",DEGUP
https://aqfadtv.xyz/live/unifitv/degup/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/c/c6/Drama_Sangat_%28TV_on-screen%29.png",DRAMA SANGAT
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/dramasangat
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://playtv.unifi.com.my:7041/CPS/images/universal/film/logo/201907/20190716/20190716074123890vav.png",DUNIA SINEMA
https://aqfadtv.xyz/live/unifitv/duniasinema/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/7/70/Hypp_Inspirasi_HD.png",INSPIRASI
https://aqfadtv.xyz/live/unifitv/inspirasi/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://selangortv.my/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/SelangorTV.2.png",SELANGOR TV
https://skyios.sky4k.top/S1G_010/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/Sensasi2022.png",SENSASI
https://aqfadtv.xyz/live/unifitv/sensasi/index.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://assets.theedgemarkets.com/suketv.jpg",SUKE TV
https://trtv.trchannel.xyz/YT_Live.php?id=https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzh6SMSWad2934rgoq_cNkg/live
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://assets.theedgemarkets.com/suketv.jpg",SUKE TV
https://github.com/AqFad2811/randomlivefromyt2/raw/main/SukeTV.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="http://www.tvikim.my/images/logo-header.png",TV IKIM
http://edge.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/146_300.png",TV OKEY
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/Okey.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/92/TVS_Sarawak.jpg/200px-TVS_Sarawak.jpg",TVS
https://v-t-e-r.github.io/Umbrella/Playlist/Ch/TVSwak.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/Astro_Awani.png/200px-Astro_Awani.png",ASTRO AWANI
https://d2idp3hzkhjpih.cloudfront.net/out/v1/4b85d9c2bf97413eb0c9fd875599b837/index_3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/Astro_Awani.png/200px-Astro_Awani.png",ASTRO AWANI
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/awani
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/61/Astro_HHD.png/220px-Astro_HHD.png",ASTRO HUA HEE DAI
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/huaheedai
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/93/Iqiyi_Logo_Baru.png/220px-Iqiyi_Logo_Baru.png",ASTRO iQIYI
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/iQIYI
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f5/Astro_Oasis.png/220px-Astro_Oasis.png",ASTRO OASIS
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/oasis
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/Astro_Prima.png/220px-Astro_Prima.png",ASTRO PRIMA
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/prima
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/12/Astro_Rania_NEW.png/200px-Astro_Rania_NEW.png",ASTRO RANIA
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/rania
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/Astro_Ria.png/220px-Astro_Ria.png",ASTRO RIA
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/ria
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4e/Astro_SHX.png/220px-Astro_SHX.png",ASTRO SHUANG XING
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/shuangxing
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c2/Astro_Warna_NEW.png/220px-Astro_Warna_NEW.png",ASTRO WARNA
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/warna
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/07/Astro_XTY.png/220px-Astro_XTY.png",ASTRO XIAO TAI YANG
https://stream.zeehanzgadget.com/xiaotaiyang
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",IKIM
https://edge-sg1.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TV AlHijrah
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live07.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Action_Movies
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/128600025/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",BLUEtv_play_1
http://mn-nl.mncdn.com/blutv_play1/live_720p2000000kbps/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",BLUEtv_play_2
http://mn-nl.mncdn.com/blutv_play2/live_720p2000000kbps/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",GroovyTv
http://web.onair-radio.eu:1935/groovytv/groovytv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Vaanavil HD
http://23.237.10.66:16054
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Band Brazil
http://23.237.10.66:16082
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TVBJADE
http://23.237.10.66:16106
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TVBZ
http://23.237.10.66:16124
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Sport tv2
http://23.237.10.66:16180
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TeleCinema Malaga
http://23.237.10.66:16195
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Formosa TV
http://23.237.10.66:16334
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TV1
http://51.79.82.208:16001
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",TV8
http://51.79.82.208:16005
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Tv9
http://23.237.10.66:16406
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Didik tv
http://23.237.10.66:16404
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Boo
http://23.237.10.66:16420
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",RIA
http://51.79.82.208:16007
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",PRIMA
http://51.79.82.208:16008
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",OASIS
http://51.79.82.208:16009
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Go Shop Ruuma
http://23.237.10.66:16426
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Cgtn_documentary
http://23.237.10.66:16473
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA🇲🇾",Suria
http://23.237.10.66:16492

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroCricket.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DhbmBsD.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Cricket SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium370/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X2WVnWr.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Supersport SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium123/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport2.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/AZQ0xgp.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Supersport 2 SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium124/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport3.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/cMYSM6e.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Supersport 3 SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium125/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport4.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PlwrDwx.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Supersport 4 SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium126/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroSuperSport5.my" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/FieopQP.png" group-title="Sports",Astro Supersport 5 SV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://eplayer.click/
https://ad2017.vhls.ru.com/cdn/premium43/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="ASTRO SUPERSPORTS 1 HD TH MY" tvg-logo="" group-title="Sports",ASTRO SUPERSPORTS 1 HD 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=6d2d84310d3fb9230404a1fbf5b33d10&key=8be93a0a6b41efad87096080bc55211a
https://staging-linearjitp-playback.astro.com.my/dash-wv/linear/601/default_primary.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Ch8 TH" tvg-logo="https://photos.live-tv-channels.org/tv-logo/th-thai-channel-8-7151.jpg" group-title="Thailand",Channel 8 TH
http://freelive2.inwstream.com:1935/freelive-edge/ch8/playlist.m3u8
http://ultratv.one:2095/b6oxQeKNTb/x0zne3Wp/115644

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Channel 3 TH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/Ch3HDLogo.png/400px-Ch3HDLogo.png" group-title="Thailand",Channel 3 TH
http://freelive2.inwstream.com:1935/freelive-edge/3hd/playlist.m3u8
http://ultratv.one:2095/b6oxQeKNTb/x0zne3Wp/115313

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Channel 5 HD TH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/%E0%B9%82%E0%B8%A5%E0%B9%82%E0%B8%81%E0%B9%89%E0%B8%8A%E0%B9%88%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%875.png" group-title="Thailand",Channel 5 HD TH
https://tc-live1.sanook.com/live/22302_ch5.m3u8
http://ultratv.one:2095/b6oxQeKNTb/x0zne3Wp/115641

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Channel 7 HD TH" tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/287-2878033_channel-7-thailand-3d-channel-7-thailand-logo.png" group-title="Thailand",Channel 7 HD TH
http://ultratv.one:2095/b6oxQeKNTb/x0zne3Wp/115642

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MONO29 TH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/Mono_29_Logo.png" group-title="Thailand",MONO29 TH
http://freelive2.inwstream.com:1935/freelive-edge/mono29/playlist.m3u8
http://ultratv.one:2095/b6oxQeKNTb/x0zne3Wp/115728


EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MONO29 TH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/Mono_29_Logo.png" group-title="Thailand",MONO29 TH (B)
http://61.19.242.134/feed/202105171329/chmono29/index.m3u8

EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MONO29 TH" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/Mono_29_Logo.png" group-title="Thailand",MONO29 EN
https://59ffdfa4495c3.streamlock.net/MONO29_HLS_1080P/mono29hls_1080EN.stream/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="PPTV HD TH" tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/89-892218_pptv-hd-pptv.png" group-title="Thailand",PPTV HD TH
http://freelive2.inwstream.com:1935/freelive-edge/pptvhd/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="True4U TH" tvg-logo="https://contentthailand.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/true4u.png" group-title="Thailand",True4U TH
http://freelive2.inwstream.com:1935/freelive-edge/true4u/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9FJknMK.png" group-title="Thailand",True Premier Football 1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0
https://sport.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_PremierHD1_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yS94g00.png" group-title="Thailand",True Premier Football 2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0
https://sport.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_PremierHD2_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/xBmmgXe.png" group-title="Thailand",True Premier Football 3
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0
https://sport.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_PremierHD3_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/HOfAIeF.png" group-title="Thailand",True Premier Football 4
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0
https://sport.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_PremierHD4_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/IAvYAOR.png" group-title="Thailand",True Premier Football 5
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; rv:31.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/31.0
https://sport.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_PremierHD5_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/lop2PUy.png" group-title="Thailand",True Sports 1
https://smart-tv.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_2sporthd1_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/?r=ajax

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/p6H4JPp.png" group-title="Thailand",True Sports 2
https://smart-tv.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_2sporthd2_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/?r=ajax

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/760fLOg.png" group-title="Thailand",True Sports 3
https://smart-tv.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_2sporthd3_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/?r=ajax

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6MUEjll.png" group-title="Thailand",True Sports 4
https://smart-tv.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_2sporthd4_720p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/?r=ajax

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (QtEmbedded; U; Linux; C) AppleWebKit/533.3 (KHTML, like Gecko) MAG200 stbapp ver: 2 rev: 250 Safari/533.3
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Wi8PvKB.png" group-title="Thailand",True Sports 5
https://smart-tv.livedoomovies.com:4431/02_sport5_480p/chunklist.m3u8|Referer=https://www.movie87hd.com/?r=ajax


#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KaJNjF1.png" group-title="Korea",Channel A
http://ye23.win/iptv/korea2021.php?id=Channel

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mGIO50z.png" group-title="Korea",JTBC
http://51.81.66.195:1935/krtv/jtbc_540/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/r9gNY5R.png" group-title="Korea",MBC
http://123.254.72.24:1935/tvlive/livestream2/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/KBS_1_logo.svg/1920px-KBS_1_logo.svg.png" group-title="Korea",KBS 1TV
http://222.109.117.27:9981/stream/channelid/2133459073
http://183.99.22.189:9981/stream/channelid/983691437

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/26/KBS_2_logo.svg/1920px-KBS_2_logo.svg.png" group-title="Korea",KBS 2TV
http://220.95.92.160:9981/stream/channelid/280136412

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/4CRXneT.png" group-title="Korea",KBS Joy
http://140.238.6.140:8881/stream/channel/aa36691f41e62b915c013542740d6df9

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7XCSOFp.png" group-title="Korea",KBS Life
http://ppmk.my.id/korea/kor.m3u8?id=kbslife

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BzqSUVF.png" group-title="Korea",SBS
https://61ff3340258d2.streamlock.net/jtv_live/myStream/playlist.m3u8
http://222.109.117.27:9981/stream/channelid/2096368258

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n2JajGK.png" group-title="Korea",SBS FunE
http://ye23.win/iptv/sbs5.1.php?id=S04
http://106.246.182.11:9981/stream/channelid/27
http://itskoi.dothome.co.kr/sbs.php?id=S04
http://han.ddkdxmkj.com/api/sbs.php?id=4

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tzTx3Ta.png" group-title="Korea",SBS Plus
http://ye23.win/iptv/sbs5.1.php?id=S03
http://106.246.182.11:9981/stream/channelid/32
http://itskoi.dothome.co.kr/sbs.php?id=S03
http://han.ddkdxmkj.com/api/sbs.php?id=3

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/1GuSyCr.png",&Pictures HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/andpictures.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/FepIOFs.png",Sony Max HD
http://jupiter.bdcabletv.com/SonyMax_HD/video.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/56bLnJP.png",Star Gold HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/stargold.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/G0fh0PU.png",Star Gold 2
http://103.55.144.46/hls/stargold2hd.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/KRjdRnV.png",Colors Cineplex HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/colorscineplex.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/x2qwIpL.png",Sony HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyen.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/KRjdRnV.png",Colors HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/colore-tv-hd.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Gocnao7.jpg" group-title="Movies",Bflix Movies
https://m-c036-j2apps.s.llnwi.net/hls/5045.BFlixMovies.in_480p/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/MQ5jhMz.png",Star Sports 1 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/stersports1hd.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/MD0cEBL.png",Star Sports 2 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/starsports2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/ZTxVYed.png",Star Sports Select 1 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/Star_Sport_Select1HD.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/pFgUCZF.png",Star Sports Select 2 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/select2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/WZbjRM3.png",Sony Ten 1 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/p5DzCDr.png",Sony Ten 2 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/rU424bI.png",Sony Ten 3 HD
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten3.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_1 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein1sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_2 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein2sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_3 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein3sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_4 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein4sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_5 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein5sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_6 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein6sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_7 
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein7sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_premium_1
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein8sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_premium_2
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein9sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_premium_3
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein10sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_English_1
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein11sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_English_2
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein12sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_English_3
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein13sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_French_1
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein14sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_French_2
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein15sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Beinsport_French_3
http://31.172.87.55:2200//EX/bein16sd-ar/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",馃敆T SPORTS 鈿斤笍鈿斤笍
https://live.tvdhaka.com:30443/Channel-1/tracks-v1a1/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",馃敆A sports_HD鈿斤笍鈿斤笍
http://103.24.96.74:80/stream/asportshd/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",馃敆A-SPORTS鈿斤笍鈿斤笍
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-A-SPORTS/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",馃敆RTA SPORTS馃弿馃弿
http://31.172.87.56:2200/TR-N/RTA_SPORTS_HD-afg/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=RED_Hqqv1c3nXjqlzBGFPhFuTg==,165803831455.4814651659=|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Ten Sports
http://dangguli.live:8080/TenSports/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sony SIX
http://dangguli.live:8080/SonySix/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sony TEN.1
http://dangguli.live:8080/SonyTen1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sony TEN.2
http://dangguli.live:8080/SonyTen2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sony TEN.3
http://dangguli.live:8080/SonyTen3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",StarSports-1
http://dangguli.live:8080/StarSports1HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",StarSports-2
http://dangguli.live:8080/StarSports2HD/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",StarSports-SELECT.1
http://dangguli.live:8080/StarSportsSelect1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",StarSports-SELECT.2 
http://dangguli.live:8080/StarSportsSelect2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",RedBull
http://dangguli.live:8080/RedBullTVHD/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",TVRI_SPORTS
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",NOW_SPORTS_PRIME
http://livetv.dnsfor.me/channel.12.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPo_tv.2
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/48eee16919834d3b97df1082a649bcfa/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Spo_tv
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/99545824f51f4c1592b35314c6ece3b0/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",RUSH_SPORTS
http://38.127.211.18/live/c2eds/RushHD/HLS/RushHD-mp4a_128000_eng=4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BT.SPORT.3 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/btsport3/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SKYSPORTS.1 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/ssports1/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",beINSPORTS.1 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/bein1fr/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BT.SPORT.2 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/btsport2/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",beINSPORTS.3 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/bein3fr/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SKYSPORTS.PREMIER.LEAGUE 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/skysports5/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",beINSPORTS.2 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/bein2fr/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SKYSPORTS.2 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/skysports2/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SKYSPORTS.3 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/skysports3/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SKYSPORTS F1 HD 
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/ssportsf1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ESPN
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01e
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ESPN.2
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a015
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",FoxSports.1
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a021
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",FoxSports.2
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01n
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",FoxSports.3
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",GOL.TV
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a03b
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",DAZN 1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a04h/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",DAZN 2 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02w/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",EDGEsport
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a06o/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ORF SPORT+ HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a09q/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPORT1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a050/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPORT1+
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a06m/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPORTDIGITAL FUSSBALL HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a06l/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02k/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 10 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02z/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 3 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02o/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 5 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a00w/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 6 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a04k/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 7 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a01v/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 8 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a03w/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sky_Sport 9 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a040/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Austria 1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a04i/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Austria 3 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a04m/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Austria 5 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a03y/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Austria 6 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a031/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Bundesliga 1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a00q/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Bundesliga 2 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02n/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Bundesliga 4 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a00v/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Bundesliga 9 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a02y/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_Bundesliga UHD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a032/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_F1 HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a03q/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SkySport_News HD
http://149.62.183.209:4549/play/a00s/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArsenalHD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a001/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Eurosport1HD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Eurosport2HD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00c/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ufc
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00d/index.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPO_TV(ak)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/99545824f51f4c1592b35314c6ece3b0/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPO_TV2(ak)
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/48eee16919834d3b97df1082a649bcfa/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPOTV_NOW
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/7376a505249549cc89769a2115f20846/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPOTV_NOW_2
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/88ed787ac7a249bf9a4135156d9f1781/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPOTV_NOW_3
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/f210a9077e364c959f45e56990e8aeef/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPOTV_NOW_4
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/c9053e496b884f45806493074da15f6e/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Матч!_Страна HD
https://bl.uma.media/live/291661/HLS/4614144_3/2/1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Матч!Страна
http://livetv.mylifeisgood.ml:8880/mfolive.m3u8?media=matchstrana
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Eurosport.-1
https://sc.id-tv.kz:443/Eurosport_1HD_34_35.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Eurosport.-2
https://sc.id-tv.kz:443/Eurosport_2HD_34_35.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Viasat._Sport HD
https://sc.id-tv.kz:443/ViasatSport_34_35.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Viasat._Sport_HD+
https://bl.uma.media/live/485548/HLS/4614144_3/2/1/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",(true)BeinSport
http://4digital.ddns.net:11222/ts/0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sony.Six_HD 
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonysix.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sony.Ten.1_HD 
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sony.Ten.2_HD 
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Sony.Ten.3_HD 
http://103.55.144.46/hls/sonyten3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Zq_sports
https://cdn.underfront.org/zqsport/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Zq_Football_Channel
https://cdn.underfront.org/zqfb/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SPO_TV
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/99545824f51f4c1592b35314c6ece3b0/ap-northeast-1/6271486521001/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Thaipbs
http://thaipbs-live.cdn.byteark.com/live/playlist_720p/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ALL_SPORTS
http://168.205.87.198:8555/live/1368/123456/148.ts?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BAND_SPORTS
http://168.205.87.198:8555/live/1368/123456/176.ts?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",TumenisktanSport
http://217.174.225.146/hls/ch004_720/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Tennis tv
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Dlqr46ybTSGWGTfRWcxS0g/master.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Espn_xtra
https://edge-live13-sl.cvattv.com.ar/live/c3eds/ESPNHD/SA_SAGEMCOM/ESPNHD.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ACCDN2
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/542cb2ce3c/+0000/c.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BILLBOARD
http://51.210.199.29/hls/stream.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",FoxSports
https://edge10-sl.cvattv.com.ar/live/c3eds/FoxSports/SA_SAGEMCOM/FoxSports.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ru sport tv
https://live-k2301-kbp.1plus1.video/sport/smil:sport.smil/playlist.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BeinSports1 FR
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/bein1fr/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BeinSports2 FR
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/bein2fr/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Bt_sport1(Uk)
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/btsport1/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Bt_sport2(Uk)
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/btsport2/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Bt_sport3(UK)
http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/btsport3/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Esporte
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_05/playlist-720p.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",NOW_SPORTS_PRIME
http://livetv.dnsfor.me:80/channel.12.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",CCTV5_HD
http://219.151.31.37/liveplay-kk.rtxapp.com/live/program/live/cctv5hd/2300000/mnf.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",CCTV5_PLUS_HD
http://219.151.31.37/liveplay-kk.rtxapp.com/live/program/live/cctv5phd/2300000/mnf.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Live_Sports(pk) 馃嚨馃嚤
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-A-SPORTS/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",SERIE_A 馃嚠馃嚬
http://217.174.225.146/hls/ch004_720/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",LAX_SPORTS
https://1840769862.rsc.cdn77.org/FTF/LSN_SCTE.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Beinsport_xtra_n
https://siloh.pluto.tv/lilo/production/BEIN/ES/master.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",Beinsport_xtra
https://siloh.pluto.tv/lilo/production/bein/1/master_3.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports1
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a002/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports3
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a004/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports4
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a005/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports5
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a006/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports_Premium1
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00g/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports_Premium2
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00h/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ArenaSports_Premium3
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00i/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPORTS : SPORT KLUB 1" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",SK1-HD
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a001/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPORTS : SPORT KLUB 4" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport_Klub4
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00q/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPORTS : SPORT KLUB 5" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport_Klub5
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00r/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPORTS : SPORT KLUB 6" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport_Klub6
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00s/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",GEO_SUPER
http://221.120.204.4:80/geo-super-LOCKLE/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",PTV SPORTS
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-PTV-SPORTS/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",A SPORTS
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-A-SPORTS/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",ESR eSports network
https://eyeonesports.com/ES2RA-628g.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BeinLiga1
http://203.159.95.172:8081/live/bein01/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png"group-title="Sports",BeinLiga2
http://203.159.95.172:8081/live/bein02/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.mnctv" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",TVRI_SPORT HD
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net:80/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",ESPN
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01e
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",ESPN.2
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a015
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",FoxSports.1
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a021
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",FoxSports.2
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01n
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",FoxSports.3
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a01o
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",GOL.TV
http://45.71.185.142:8500/play/a03b
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arsenal.HD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a001/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Eurosport.1HD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Eurosport.2HD
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00c/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",ufc.
http://81.177.139.240:8000/play/a00d/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.1
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a002/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.2
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a003/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.3
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a004/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.4
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a005/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.5
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a006/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.6
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a007/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.Premium 1
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00g/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.Premium 2
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00h/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena.Premium 3
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00i/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",SK1-HD
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a001/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport.Klub.4
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00q/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport.Klub.5
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00r/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Sport.Klub.6
http://46.29.169.15:4001/play/a00s/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",CCTV_5
http://39.135.34.132:8080/000000001000/1000000001000004794/1.m3u8?channel-id=ystenlive
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",CCTV5+
http://39.135.34.132:8080/000000001000/1000000001000020505/1.m3u8?channel-id=ystenlive

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",BAND_SPORTS
http://cdn.connectbr.com.br/BandSports/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",J_sport_1
https://stream01.willfonk.com/live_playlist.m3u8?cid=BS242&r=FHD&ccode=JP&m=d0:20:20:04:35:cc&t=0d6938cb3dcf4b79848bc1753a59daf1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",J_sport_2
https://stream01.willfonk.com/live_playlist.m3u8?cid=BS243&r=FHD&ccode=JP&m=d0:20:20:04:35:cc&t=0d6938cb3dcf4b79848bc1753a59daf1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",J_sport_3
https://stream01.willfonk.com/live_playlist.m3u8?cid=BS244&r=FHD&ccode=JP&m=d0:20:20:04:35:cc&t=0d6938cb3dcf4b79848bc1753a59daf1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",J_sport_4
https://stream01.willfonk.com/live_playlist.m3u8?cid=BS245&r=FHD&ccode=JP&m=d0:20:20:04:35:cc&t=0d6938cb3dcf4b79848bc1753a59daf1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",ZQ_sportd.
https://six.zqprem.com/zqfb/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",TVRI_SPORTS.
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_1_PREMIUM.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a06z
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_2_PREMIUM.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a071
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_3_PREMIUM.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a072
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_Sport_1.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a075
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_Sport_2.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a076
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_Sport_3.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a077
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_Sport_4.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a073
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Arena_Sport_5.
http://5.206.237.66:9000/play/a074
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Tennis_TV.
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Dlqr46ybTSGWGTfRWcxS0g/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",A_SPORTS.
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-A-SPORTS/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",PTV_SPORTS.
http://221.120.204.4/LOCKLE-PTV-SPORTS/index.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",CBC_Sport.
http://mfe.cliptv.az/dash/CBC_Sport_HD.ism/playlist.mpd?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",EUROSPORT_1.
http://mfe.cliptv.az/dash/EuroSport1_SD.ism/playlist.mpd?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Матч!_Арена.
http://mfe.cliptv.az/dash/Match_Arena_HD.ism/playlist.mpd?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Матч!_Боец.
http://mfe.cliptv.az/dash/Matc_Boec_SD.ism/playlist.mpd?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Match!.
https://bl.uma.media/live/407384/HLS/6307840_7,4280320/2/1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Match!!?.
https://live-2-333.zxz.su/LIVE/LIVE:407384/HLS/1653407947/y7_QCOv_uH0DyESUTqRMyQ/live/407384_7/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-country="AZ" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/5tBFDKi.png" group-title="Sports",Match.footbal.
https://bl.uma.media/live/126866/HLS/6866944_4,4614144_3,2883584_2,1153024_1/1613528396/a906596714d5111da51743ee194afc5f/playlist.m3u8


AFF 2022
============================

#EXTINF:0 group-title="AFF 2022" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/thumb/d/d2/AFF_Mitsubishi_Electric_Cup_2022_logo.svg/250px-AFF_Mitsubishi_Electric_Cup_2022_logo.svg.png",RCTI
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/RCTI2022.m3u8?|User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/104.0.0.0 Safari/537.36&Referer=https://www.rctiplus.com/tv/mnctv

#EXTINF:0 group-title="AFF 2022" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/thumb/d/d2/AFF_Mitsubishi_Electric_Cup_2022_logo.svg/250px-AFF_Mitsubishi_Electric_Cup_2022_logo.svg.png",iNews
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://d3o5yreltwquyt.cloudfront.net/INEWS2022.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.rctiplus.com/

============================
LIGA 1
============================
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LIGA 1" tvg-logo="https://akcdn.detik.net.id/community/media/visual/2021/08/27/logo-liga-1-logo-bri-liga-1-bri-liga-1.png?w=700&q=90",LIVE ONLY



============================
NATIONAL & LOCAL
============================
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TVRI NASIONAL
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRINASIONAL)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TVRI WORLD
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI3)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TVRI SPORT
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",RCTI
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/RCTI2022.m3u8?|User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/104.0.0.0 Safari/537.36&Referer=https://www.rctiplus.com/tv/mnctv

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",iNews
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://d3o5yreltwquyt.cloudfront.net/INEWS2022.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.rctiplus.com/


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MNC TV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://anv-livechannel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",GTV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://anv-livechannel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",Metro TV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(bd164a95-722d-40db-a596-687c8123f197)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",NET TV
http://210.210.155.37/session/0f29501a-7bca-11ed-99fb-c81f66f89318/uq2663/h/h06/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",RTV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(41869351-4a9c-4e57-b54b-8cf5dfc919e1)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TRANS TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/playlist.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.transtv.co.id/live

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TRANS 7
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/playlist.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.transtv.co.id/live

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",CNN INDONESIA
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",CNBC INDONESIA
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TV ONE
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.35/session/1dd6fe42-789a-11ed-8981-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s105/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",ANTV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.35/session/3a5171a6-789a-11ed-8981-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s07/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MAGNA
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(85534711-b312-4ed5-8832-6fe000e8fb86)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MAGNA
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BERITA SATU
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_manifest.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BERITA SATU WORLD
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8




#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",KOMPAS TV
https://live-kg.jixie.media/live/kompastv_lhd.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",NUSANTARA TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://nusantaratv.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",RRI NET
https://rrinet.rritmb.com/hls/live.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",ELSHINTA TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.35/session/4a6d7b5c-789a-11ed-8981-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s10/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JAWA POST TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://jawapostv.siar.us/jawapostv/live/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",IDX CHANNEL
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",GARUDA TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://ms.digdaya.tv/live/digdayatv/live.m3u8



#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",FTV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(5cd2bf10-1ac0-4fa7-9543-3520f01b3378)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",DIGI ONE
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(d2f582be-366c-4cce-9476-1b524dc854e9)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MAX 2 U
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(a255dd49-dc2a-464b-8623-6ef4556dff11)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",DEN'S LIFESTYLE
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.37/session/ad5d0bb0-789a-11ed-a06a-c81f66f89318/x6bnqe/s/s65/S4/mnf.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",DEN'S PLAY
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://group1-swiftservesd-1.dens.tv/s/s37/S4/mnf.m3u8




#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BALI TV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(8e867ae0-b2c0-4968-9f60-a11aee8c0987)/manifest.mpd


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JTV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(173d0198-bcba-4a48-ae2b-1b2f5a147824)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JTV
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch2/myStream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",SURABAYA TV
https://v3.siar.us/surabayatv/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MADU TV
https://re1.siar.us/madutv/hd720/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JAK TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.37/session/7f3df3e8-789a-11ed-a06a-c81f66f89318/x6bnqe/s/s13/S4/mnf.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BANTEN TV
https://5bf7b725107e5.streamlock.net/bantentv/bantentv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BANDUNG TV
http://202.150.153.254:65500/bandungtvWEBSITE.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JITV
https://mam.jogjaprov.go.id:1937/tv/jitv_720p/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",V CHANNEL
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
http://210.210.155.35/session/f49e5746-7899-11ed-a06a-c81f66f89318/x6bnqe/s/s73/S4/mnf.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BBS TV
http://103.119.54.246:8080/hls/bbstv.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",JURNAL TV
https://5bf7b725107e5.streamlock.net/jurnaltv/jurnaltv/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",HUMA BETANG TV
https://v3.siar.us/humabetangtv/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TVKU
http://103.30.1.14:8080/hls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="LOCAL" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",DUTA TV
https://dutatv.siar.us/dutatv/live/playlist.m3u8



==========================
RELIGION
==========================

#EXTINF:0 group-title="RELIGION" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TV9
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://5bf7b725107e5.streamlock.net/tv9/tv9/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="RELIGION" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",TV MU
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://tvmu.siar.us/tvmu/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="RELIGION" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",MUSLIM TV
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="RELIGION" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",INSPIRA TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://inspiratv.siar.us/inspiratv/live/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="RELIGION" tvg-logo="https://uploads.dailydot.com/2020/05/localnow.png?auto=compress&fm=png",BADAR TV
https://e1.siar.us/badartv/live/playlist.m3u8


NEWS
==========================
#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",NHK WORLD
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://nhkwlive-xjp.akamaized.net/hls/live/2003458/nhkwlive-xjp-en/index_1M.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",CNA
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://mediacorp-videosbclive.akamaized.net/dd724cfb0e8e4cdc921bbc4ac94614bf/ap-southeast-1/6057994443001/playlist.m3u8
//http://210.210.155.35/session/0d842532-789b-11ed-991d-c81f66f89318/uq2663/h/h29/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",DW
https://dwamdstream102.akamaized.net/hls/live/2015525/dwstream102/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",ARIRANG
https://amdlive-ch01-ctnd-com.akamaized.net/arirang_1ch/smil:arirang_1ch.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",ALJAZEERA
https://live-hls-apps-aljazeera.global.ssl.fastly.net/AJE/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",CBS NEWS

https://cbsn-us.cbsnstream.cbsnews.com/out/v1/55a8648e8f134e82a470f83d562deeca/master_11.m3u8



#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",ABC NEWS


#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",ABC NEWS
https://content.uplynk.com/channel/3324f2467c414329b3b0cc5cd987b6be.m3u8


#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",BLOOMBERG
https://liveprodusphoenixeast.akamaized.net/USPhx-HD/Channel-TX-USPhx-AWS-virginia-1/Source-USPhx-16k-1-s6lk2-BP-07-06-mOzAf8ZuNC8_live.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",EURONEWS
https://gintna100.tulix.tv/gin_live/euronews/2e33319d857328b43396446521aa2d5e/63a30eac/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",CGTN
https://cd-live-stream.news.cctvplus.com/live/smil:CHANNEL1.smil/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",METRO GLOBE NETWORK
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:mgnch.smil/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",SEA TODAY
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://cdn01-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(9ce3f094-4044-467e-84b7-b684a49571d5)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",THE INDONESIA CHANNEL
https://cdn3.wowza.com/1/NEtzTTZ4c1FTTUN2/SkJBbVJs/hls/zjh5tjvs/2728/chunklist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",BERITA SATU ENGLISH
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_1280x720.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",CNN
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://1942468522.rsc.cdn77.org/RG8GSuR8uuj52dUdfCcJeA==,1671560584/1942468522/index.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.livenewsmag.com/cnn/

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",BBC WORLD NEWS
https://1292072398.rsc.cdn77.org/_FzNFHp7Y600ZAS8PDlE6g==,1671563597/1292072398/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",MSNBC
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://1128480543.rsc.cdn77.org/dZ2Fq-dMuAIliWrG-8whnw==,1671553599/1128480543/index.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.livenewsmag.com/msnbc-live-tv/

#EXTINF:0 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1108430392267280389/ufmFwzIn_400x400.png",FOX NEWS
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
https://1028107998.rsc.cdn77.org/XRjsWkT20yRiXOklQbz79Q==,1671558419/ls-54548-2/index.m3u8?|Referer=https://www.livenewsmag.com/msnbc-live-tv/




==========================
MALAYSIA
==========================

#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",SUKAN RTM
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:sukan/playlist.m3u8?id=1

#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",TV1
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv1/playlist.m3u8?id=1

#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",TV2
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv2/playlist.m3u8?id=1
#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",TV6
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv6/playlist.m3u8?id=1
#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",OKEY
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:okey/playlist.m3u8?id=1
#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",ASTRO AWANI
https://d2idp3hzkhjpih.cloudfront.net/out/v1/4b85d9c2bf97413eb0c9fd875599b837/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/10/07/3202150870.jpg",TV IKIM
https://edge-sg1.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/playlist.m3u8



==========================
THAILAND
==========================

#EXTINF:0 group-title="THAILAND" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/f59cfc6f09b05c21e71dd03ecb796a83a81c77f0b5d9ad351ddda99a7a7df51f.png",PBS
https://thaipbs-live.cdn.byteark.com/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="THAILAND" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/f59cfc6f09b05c21e71dd03ecb796a83a81c77f0b5d9ad351ddda99a7a7df51f.png",ALTV 4
https://thaipbs-ujxrch.cdn.byteark.com/live/playlist_tha/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="THAILAND" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/f59cfc6f09b05c21e71dd03ecb796a83a81c77f0b5d9ad351ddda99a7a7df51f.png",NBT WORLD
https://thainews.prd.go.th/lv/live/ch1_L_L.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 group-title="THAILAND" tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/f59cfc6f09b05c21e71dd03ecb796a83a81c77f0b5d9ad351ddda99a7a7df51f.png",NNT
https://thainews.prd.go.th/lv/live/ch1_L.sdp/playlist.m3u8

==========================
KIDS
==========================
#EXTINF:0 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://happykids.tv/img/show-cocomelon.png",CBBC
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
//https://gintna100.tulix.tv/gin_live/bbcthree/ca845fa2e6c9f37fb520fdaafc3360a3/63a30f8f/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://happykids.tv/img/show-cocomelon.png",PBS KIDS
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
//https://livestream.pbskids.org/out/v1/116db48616c44f41a80ea0989c336ce3/est-dash-drm.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://happykids.tv/img/show-cocomelon.png",EBS KIDS
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0
//https://ebsonair.ebs.co.kr/ebsufamilypc/familypc1m/media_1475967.ts


==========================
SPORTS
==========================
#EXTINF:0 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.tvmagazine.com.br/imagens/icones/600/sportvb.png",REDBULL TV
https://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master_1660.m3u8





